=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetPictureManagerDetails::GetPictureManagerDetailsRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetPictureManagerDetails::GetPictureManagerDetailsRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Requests information about folders or pictures in a Picture Manager account
or the account settings.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setFolderID()

The ID of a folder in the user's Picture Manager album for which you want information.
If you specify both FolderID and PictureURL, the picture must exist
in the folder.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getFolderID()

#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPictureManagerDetailLevel()

The type of information you want returned, about pictures and folders,
the account subscription, or both. Use this element rather than the generic DetailLevel element defined in AbstractRequestType. You can use the following values: ReturnAll, ReturnSubscription, or ReturnPicture.

PresentDetails: Yes

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:PictureManagerDetailLevelCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getPictureManagerDetailLevel()

#    Returns: 'ns:PictureManagerDetailLevelCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setPictureURL()

The URL of a picture in the user's Picture Manager album.
If you specify both FolderID and PictureURL, the picture must
exist in the folder.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getPictureURL()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

