=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::ReviseMyMessages::ReviseMyMessagesRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::ReviseMyMessages::ReviseMyMessagesRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Sets the read state for messages and alerts, the flagged state of messages, and moves
alerts and messages into and out of folders.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setAlertIDs()

Contains a list of up to 10 AlertID values.
<br /><br />
Either AlertIDs, MessageIDs, or both must be included in
the request. Alerts cannot be flagged. Alerts cannot be
moved into a new folder until they have been resolved.
<br /><br />
Resolve alerts by marking Read (if no action is
required), or by using ActionURL (if action is
required).

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'ns:MyMessagesAlertIDArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getAlertIDs()

#    Returns: 'ns:MyMessagesAlertIDArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setFlagged()

Changes the flagged states of all messages specified in
a request by their MessageID values. At least one of
Read, Flagged, or FolderID must be specified in the
request. Messages in the Sent box cannot be moved,
marked as Read, or Flagged. Alerts cannot be flagged.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isFlagged()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setFolderID()

An ID that uniquely identifies the My Messages folder to
move alerts and messages into. At least one of Read,
Flagged, or FolderID must be specified in the request.
<br /><br />
Alerts cannot be moved until they are resolved. Messages
in the Sent box cannot be moved, marked as Read, or
Flagged.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 getFolderID()

#    Returns: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 setMessageIDs()

Contains a list of up to 10 MessageID values.
<br /><br />
Either AlertIDs, MessageIDs, or both must be included in
the request. Messages in the Sent box cannot be moved,
marked as Read, or Flagged.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'ns:MyMessagesMessageIDArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getMessageIDs()

#    Returns: 'ns:MyMessagesMessageIDArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setRead()

Changes the read states of all alerts and
messages specified in a request by their AlertID
or MessageID values. At least one of Read,
Flagged, or FolderID must be specified in the
request. Messages in the Sent box cannot be moved,
marked as Read, or Flagged.
<br /><br />
Note that alerts and messages retrieved
with the API are not automatically marked Read,
and must be marked Read with this call.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isRead()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

