=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetMyeBaySelling::GetMyeBaySellingRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetMyeBaySelling::GetMyeBaySellingRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Returns a summary and details of items a user is selling from
the user's My eBay account.
<br />
If you do not specify a detail level or a specific container,
the response contains just the SellingSummary container.
<br />
If you specify a container but not a detail level, the response
contains SellingSummary and any container you specified in the
request.
<br />
If you specify a DetailLevel of ReturnAll, the response contains
the SellingSummary and all other containers. Any containers that
were not specified in the request are returned with default
settings.
<br />
While specifying pagination can help manage the amount of data
that is returned (especially at ReturnAll), high-volume sellers
may receive a warning message that the amount of data returned
is over the system limit and therefore truncated.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setActiveList()

Contains the list of items the user is actively selling whose listings are active.
Valid subelements are Sort, IncludeNotes, Pagination, and ListingType (with valid
values Auction, FixedPriceItem, StoresFixedPrice, or AdType).
Note that if a DetailLevel of ReturnAll is specified in the request, this element is ignored as a way to filter the response, and ALL containers are returned.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemListCustomizationType'


=cut

=head2 getActiveList()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemListCustomizationType'


=cut

=head2 setScheduledList()

Contains the list of items the user has scheduled to sell but whose listings have not yet opened.
Valid subelements are Sort, IncludeNotes, and Pagination.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemListCustomizationType'


=cut

=head2 getScheduledList()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemListCustomizationType'


=cut

=head2 setSoldList()

Contains the list of items the user has sold. Valid subelements are DurationInDays
(with valid values 0-60), IncludeNotes, and Pagination.
Note that if a DetailLevel of ReturnAll is specified in the request, this element is ignored as a way to filter the response, and ALL containers are returned.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemListCustomizationType'


=cut

=head2 getSoldList()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemListCustomizationType'


=cut

=head2 setUnsoldList()

Contains the list of items the user has listed but whose listings have ended
without being sold. Valid subelements are DurationInDays (with valid values 0-60),
Sort, IncludeNotes, and Pagination.
Note that if a DetailLevel of ReturnAll is specified in the request, this element is ignored as a way to filter the response, and ALL containers are returned.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemListCustomizationType'


=cut

=head2 getUnsoldList()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemListCustomizationType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

