=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetVeROReportStatus::GetVeROReportStatusResponseType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Contains status information for items reported by the VeRO Program member.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setHasMoreItems()

If true, there are more items yet to be retrieved. Additional
calls with higher page numbers or more items per page must
be made to retrieve these items. Not returned if no items match the
request.

#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isHasMoreItems()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setItemsPerPage()

Indicates the maximum number of ItemType objects that can be returned in
ReportedItemDetails for any given call.

Max: 200
Min: 1

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getItemsPerPage()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPageNumber()

Indicates the page of data returned by the current call. For instance,
for the first set of items can be returned, this field has a value of
one.

Max: Min: 1

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getPageNumber()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPaginationResult()

Contains information regarding the pagination of data (if pagination is
used), including total number of pages and total number of entries.

#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 getPaginationResult()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 setReportedItemDetails()

Contains the list of the reported item details.
Returns empty if no items are available that match the request.

#    Argument: 'ns:VeROReportedItemDetailsType'


=cut

=head2 getReportedItemDetails()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:VeROReportedItemDetailsType'


=cut

=head2 setVeROReportPacketID()

The packet ID for status being returned.

Max: Default: Min: 
#    Argument: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 getVeROReportPacketID()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 setVeROReportPacketStatus()

Status of the packet.

#    Argument: 'ns:VeROReportPacketStatusCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getVeROReportPacketStatus()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:VeROReportPacketStatusCodeType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

