=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetDescriptionTemplates::GetDescriptionTemplatesRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetDescriptionTemplates::GetDescriptionTemplatesRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Request for DescriptionTemplates.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setCategoryID()

The category for which to retrieve templates. Enter any
category ID, including Motors vehicle categories. This
is ignored if you also send MotorVehicles.

MaxLength: 10

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getCategoryID()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setLastModifiedTime()

If specified, only those templates modified on or after the
specified date are returned. If not specified, all templates are returned.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getLastModifiedTime()

#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setMotorVehicles()

Indicates whether to retrieve templates for motor vehicle
categories for eBay Motors (site 100). If true, templates
are returned for motor vehicle categories. If false,
templates are returned for non-motor vehicle categories
such as Parts and Accessories. If included as an input field (whether true or false), this overrides any value provided for CategoryID.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isMotorVehicles()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

