=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::PlaceOffer::PlaceOfferResponseType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The PlaceOffer response notifies you about the success and result
of the call.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setBestOffer()

For a best-offer-related action of a buyer using PlaceOffer, 
contains information about the best-offer-related action.

#    Argument: 'ns:BestOfferType'


=cut

=head2 getBestOffer()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:BestOfferType'


=cut

=head2 setSellingStatus()

Indicates the current bidding/purchase state of the item listing, as of
the offer extended using PlaceOffer. See the schema documentation for
the SellingStatus object, the properties of which contain such
post-offer information as the current high bidder, the current price for
the item, and the bid increment.

#    Argument: 'ns:SellingStatusType'


=cut

=head2 getSellingStatus()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:SellingStatusType'


=cut

=head2 setTransactionID()

The TransactionID field can be returned if, on input, you specified Purchase in the Action field. 
The TransactionID field contains the ID of the transaction created.
This field applies to the following types of listings:
FixedPriceItem and StoresFixedPrice. This field also applies to Chinese BIN 
if you specified Purchase on input.

MaxLength:  19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, transaction IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits.) 

#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getTransactionID()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

