=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetUserPreferences::SetUserPreferencesRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Sets the user's preferences to those specified in the request. As
a general rule, once you set a preference,  GetUserPreferences
and the user's preferences displayed on the eBay Web site should
reflect the new setting immediately. However, it could take up to
7 days for the change to have any logical or functional effect.
For example, if you change your combined payment preferences, it
could take up to 7 days for eBay to apply the updated combined
payment settings to your listings. Also, once you set a
preference, you cannot change its setting again within 7 days.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setBidderNoticePreferences()

The user's bidder notice preferences to be set.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:BidderNoticePreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getBidderNoticePreferences()

#    Returns: 'ns:BidderNoticePreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setCombinedPaymentPreferences()

DO NOT USE THIS FIELD. Use 'GetShippingDiscountProfiles' to access
similar information. 
The user's combined payment preferences to be set.
When you change these preferences, it can take up to 7 days for the change
to have any logical or functional effect on eBay. <br>
<br>
For the US and Germany sites, combined payment preferences can also affect whether a
seller is eligible to list on Express.
A seller needs to allow shoppers to pay by single, combined payments for their purchases.
A seller is not eligible for Express if they don't allow combined payments.
Once changes to these preferences take effect on eBay (within 7 days), it can take up to 7 more days for
existing items to be added to or removed from Express. Thus, it can take up to 14 days (total)
for combined payment preference changes to affect whether listings appear on Express.
Also see ExpressPreferences.ExpressSellingPreferences.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:CombinedPaymentPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getCombinedPaymentPreferences()

#    Returns: 'ns:CombinedPaymentPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setCrossPromotionPreferences()

The user's cross promotion preferences to be set.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:CrossPromotionPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getCrossPromotionPreferences()

#    Returns: 'ns:CrossPromotionPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setEmailShipmentTrackingNumberPreference()

Sets the preference for the email shipment tracking number.

Default: false

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isEmailShipmentTrackingNumberPreference()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setEndOfAuctionEmailPreferences()

The seller's end of auction email preferences to be set.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:EndOfAuctionEmailPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getEndOfAuctionEmailPreferences()

#    Returns: 'ns:EndOfAuctionEmailPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setExpressPreferences()

The seller's Express preferences. Currently used to indicate
which of the seller's eligible listings to include on Express.
You can only set these preferences for sellers who are eligible
to list on Express.
To determine the seller's eligibility, call GetUser and check the value of SellerInfo.ExpressEligible.
Once an eBay Express seller has set preferences, they cannot set them again (e.g., to change the value) within 7 days. 
Also see CombinedPaymentPreferences, which affect a seller's
eligibility to list on Express.
Shopping.com merchants can set this flag value to "All" to make their listings show up on eBay Express if they meet the necessary criteria (the criteria and thresholds are defined in policy files).
They can set the flag to "optout" if they don't want their listings to show up on eBay Express. With either preference, the changes may not take
effect until the batch file runs that updates the site (sometime within the next week).

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ExpressPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getExpressPreferences()

#    Returns: 'ns:ExpressPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setSellerFavoriteItemPreferences()

Seller's favorite item preferences to be set.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:SellerFavoriteItemPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getSellerFavoriteItemPreferences()

#    Returns: 'ns:SellerFavoriteItemPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setSellerPaymentPreferences()

The user's seller payment preferences to be set.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:SellerPaymentPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getSellerPaymentPreferences()

#    Returns: 'ns:SellerPaymentPreferencesType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

