=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAttributesXSL::GetAttributesXSLRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAttributesXSL::GetAttributesXSLRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Retrieves the Item Specifics SYI XSL stylesheet. Apply the stylesheet to the
XML returned from a call to GetAttributesCS or GetProductSellingPages to
render a form like the Item Specifics portion of eBay's Title and Description page.
See the eBay Web Services Guide for an overview of Item Specifics and information
on working with the XSL.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setFileName()

The name of the XSL file to retrieve. If not specified, the call
returns the latest versions of all available XSL files.
FileName is an optional input. Valid values<br>
<br>
syi_attributes.xsl

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getFileName()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setFileVersion()

The desired version of the XSL file. Required if FileName is specified.
If not specified, the call returns the latest version of the file.
(This is not a filter for retrieving changes to the XSL file.)

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getFileVersion()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

