=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetUserPreferences::GetUserPreferencesResponseType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetUserPreferences::GetUserPreferencesResponseType inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Returns some or all of a user's preferences. The preferences are grouped
in sets, according to the sets requested.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setBidderNoticePreferences()

Contains a seller's preferences for receiving bidder notices.
Returned when the request sets ShowBidderNoticePreferences to true.

#    Argument: 'ns:BidderNoticePreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getBidderNoticePreferences()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:BidderNoticePreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setCombinedPaymentPreferences()

DO NOT USE THIS FIELD. Use 'GetShippingDiscountProfiles' to retrieve
similar information. 
Contains a seller's preferences for accepting combined payments.
Returned when ShowCombinedPaymentPreferences is true.

#    Argument: 'ns:CombinedPaymentPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getCombinedPaymentPreferences()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:CombinedPaymentPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setCrossPromotionPreferences()

Contains a seller's cross-promotion preferences.
Returned when ShowCrossPromotionPreferences is true.

#    Argument: 'ns:CrossPromotionPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getCrossPromotionPreferences()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:CrossPromotionPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setEmailShipmentTrackingNumberPreference()

Contains the user's preference for the email shipment tracking number.

#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isEmailShipmentTrackingNumberPreference()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setEndOfAuctionEmailPreferences()

Contains the user's end of auction email preferences.

#    Argument: 'ns:EndOfAuctionEmailPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getEndOfAuctionEmailPreferences()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:EndOfAuctionEmailPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setExpressPreferences()

The seller's Express preferences.
Always returned for sellers who are eligible to list on Express.
Not returned for sellers who are not eligible per eBay's requirements.
If ExpressPreferences is not returned, call GetUser and check the value
of SellerInfo.ExpressEligible. If the seller is not eligible, see
the eBay Web Services guide for possible reasons.
Note that if the seller opts out of Express themselves (but would otherwise be eligible),
ExpressPreferences is returned. In this case, GetUser may show that the user is
not eligible to list on Express.<br>
<br>
Express preferences are returned based on the seller's registration site,
not the site to which you send the request. For example, a US seller's
preferences will be returned even if you submit the request to site 77 (Germany).

SeeLink: URL: http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=ExpressSellerCriteria
Title: Seller Criteria for eBay Express

#    Argument: 'ns:ExpressPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getExpressPreferences()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:ExpressPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setProStoresPreference()

Details about ProStores and checkout preferences. Returned only if requested
on input.

#    Argument: 'ns:ProStoresCheckoutPreferenceType'


=cut

=head2 getProStoresPreference()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:ProStoresCheckoutPreferenceType'


=cut

=head2 setSellerFavoriteItemPreferences()

Contains a seller's preferences for displaying items on a buyer's
Favorite Sellers' Items page or Favorite Sellers' Items digest.

#    Argument: 'ns:SellerFavoriteItemPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getSellerFavoriteItemPreferences()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:SellerFavoriteItemPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setSellerPaymentPreferences()

Contains a seller's preferences for accepting payments.
Returned when ShowSellerPaymentPreferences is true.

#    Argument: 'ns:SellerPaymentPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getSellerPaymentPreferences()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:SellerPaymentPreferencesType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

