=head1 eBay::API::XML::Call::SetShippingDiscountProfiles::SetShippingDiscountProfilesRequestType

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetShippingDiscountProfiles::SetShippingDiscountProfilesRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Enables a seller to define shipping cost discount profiles and a few additional
parameters related to combined payment, such as shipping insurance and packaging handling costs.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Subroutines:


=cut

=head2 setCalculatedHandlingDiscount()

The data for the specific packaging/handling cost details for combined payment.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:CalculatedHandlingDiscountType'


=cut

=head2 getCalculatedHandlingDiscount()

#    Returns: 'ns:CalculatedHandlingDiscountType'


=cut

=head2 setCalculatedShippingDiscount()

Details of a shipping cost discount profile for calculated shipping.
If this is provided, FlatShippingDiscount and PromotionalShippingDiscountDetails
should be omitted.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:CalculatedShippingDiscountType'


=cut

=head2 getCalculatedShippingDiscount()

#    Returns: 'ns:CalculatedShippingDiscountType'


=cut

=head2 setCombinedDuration()

Only those items purchased within CombinedDuration days of each other can
be combined into an order and benefit from any shipping discounts.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:CombinedPaymentPeriodCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getCombinedDuration()

#    Returns: 'ns:CombinedPaymentPeriodCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setCurrencyID()

The ID of the currency to be used for shipping cost discounts and
insurance for combined payment. A discount profile can only be
associated with a listing if the currency ID of the profile matches the
currency ID of the listing.
Required if the user creates flat rate shipping discount profiles, a promotional
discount, a packaging/handling cost profile based on a variable
discount rule, or if the user defines shipping insurance range/fee pairs.
<br><br>
Note: There is a currencyID attribute on many elements of SetShippingDiscountProfiles.
To avoid an error, be sure to use the same value of CurrencyCodeType in each
occurrence within the same request.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'ns:CurrencyCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getCurrencyID()

#    Returns: 'ns:CurrencyCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setFlatShippingDiscount()

Details of a shipping cost discount profile for flat rate shipping.
If this is provided, CalculatedShippingDiscount and PromotionalShippingDiscountDetails
should be omitted.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:FlatShippingDiscountType'


=cut

=head2 getFlatShippingDiscount()

#    Returns: 'ns:FlatShippingDiscountType'


=cut

=head2 setInternationalShippingInsurance()

Information establishing what fee to apply for international shipping
insurance for combined payment depending on which range the order item-
total price falls into.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ShippingInsuranceType'


=cut

=head2 getInternationalShippingInsurance()

#    Returns: 'ns:ShippingInsuranceType'


=cut

=head2 setModifyActionCode()

Indicates what action to take on the specified flat shipping discount,
calculated shipping discount or promotional discount.
If the action is Delete and if a flat rate or calculated shipping discount
profile is specified, the discount profile identified by
DiscountProfile.DiscountProfileID is deleted
(see DiscountProfile.MappedDiscountProfileID for related details).

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ModifyActionCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getModifyActionCode()

#    Returns: 'ns:ModifyActionCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setPromotionalShippingDiscountDetails()

The data for the promotional shipping discount.
If this is provided, FlatShippingDiscount and CalculatedShippingDiscount
should be omitted.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:PromotionalShippingDiscountDetailsType'


=cut

=head2 getPromotionalShippingDiscountDetails()

#    Returns: 'ns:PromotionalShippingDiscountDetailsType'


=cut

=head2 setShippingInsurance()

Information establishing what fee to apply for domestic shipping insurance
for combined payment depending on which range the order item-total price
falls into.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ShippingInsuranceType'


=cut

=head2 getShippingInsurance()

#    Returns: 'ns:ShippingInsuranceType'


=cut

