=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::RelistItem::RelistItemResponseType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::RelistItem::RelistItemResponseType inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Returns the item ID and the estimated fees for the re-listed listing.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setCategory2ID()

ID of the secondary category in which the item was listed.
Only returned if you set Item.CategoryMappingAllowed to true in the request
and the ID passed in Item.SecondaryCategory was mapped to a new ID by eBay.
If the secondary category has not changed or it has expired with no replacement,
Category2ID does not return a value.

MaxLength: 10

#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getCategory2ID()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setCategoryID()

ID of the primary category in which the item was listed.
Only returned if you set Item.CategoryMappingAllowed to true in the request
and the ID passed in Item.PrimaryCategory was mapped to a new ID by eBay.
If the primary category has not changed or it has expired with no replacement,
CategoryID does not return a value.

MaxLength: 10

#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getCategoryID()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setEndTime()

Date and time when the new listing ends. This is the starting time plus
the listing duration.

#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getEndTime()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setFees()

Child elements contain the estimated listing fees for the new item
listing. The fees do not include the Final Value Fee (FVF), which cannot
be determined until an item is sold.

#    Argument: 'ns:FeesType'


=cut

=head2 getFees()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:FeesType'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

Unique item ID for the new listing.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setStartTime()

Date and time the new listing became active on the eBay site.

#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getStartTime()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

