=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::SellerReverseDispute::SellerReverseDisputeRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::SellerReverseDispute::SellerReverseDisputeRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Enables a seller to "reverse" an Unpaid Item dispute that has been closed, for
example, if buyer and seller reach an agreement. The seller's Final Value Fee
credit and the buyer's strike are both reversed, if applicable.
The dispute might have resulted
in a strike to the buyer and a Final Value Fee credit to the seller. A buyer and
seller sometimes come to agreement after a dispute has been closed. In particular,
the seller might discover that the buyer actually paid, or the buyer might agree
to pay the seller's fees in exchange for having the strike removed.
<br><br>
A dispute can only be reversed if it was closed with DisputeActivity set to
SellerEndCommunication, CameToAgreementNeedFVFCredit, or
MutualAgreementOrNoBuyerResponse.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setDisputeID()

The unique identifier of the dispute that was returned when the dispute was created.
The dispute must be an Unpaid Item dispute that the seller opened.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:DisputeIDType'


=cut

=head2 getDisputeID()

#    Returns: 'ns:DisputeIDType'


=cut

=head2 setDisputeResolutionReason()

The reason the dispute is being reversed.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:DisputeResolutionReasonCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getDisputeResolutionReason()

#    Returns: 'ns:DisputeResolutionReasonCodeType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

