=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetMemberMessages::GetMemberMessagesRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Retrieves a list of the messages buyers have posted about your
active item listings.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setDisplayToPublic()

Specifies if the message should be displayed on the
website with the item listing.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isDisplayToPublic()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setEndCreationTime()

Used as end of date range filter. If specified, filters
the returned messages to only those with a creation date
less than or equal to the specified date and time.
<br><br>
For CEM messages, StartCreationTime and EndCreationTime
must be provided.
<br><br>
For ASQ messages, either the ItemID, or a date range
(specified with StartCreationTime and EndCreationTime),
or both must be included.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getEndCreationTime()

#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

The ID of the item the message is about.
<br><br>
For ASQ messages, either the ItemID, or a date range
(specified with StartCreationTime and EndCreationTime),
or both must be included. ItemID is otherwise ignored.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setMailMessageType()

The type of message.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:MessageTypeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getMailMessageType()

#    Returns: 'ns:MessageTypeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setMemberMessageID()

An ID that uniquely identifies the message for a given user to be retrieved.
Used for the AskSellerQuestion notification only.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getMemberMessageID()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setMessageStatus()

The status of the message.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'ns:MessageStatusTypeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getMessageStatus()

#    Returns: 'ns:MessageStatusTypeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setPagination()

Standard pagination argument used to reduce response.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationType'


=cut

=head2 getPagination()

#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationType'


=cut

=head2 setSenderID()

An eBay ID that uniquely identifies a user. For
GetMemberMessages, this is the sender of the message. If
included in the request, returns only messages from the
specified sender.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:UserIDType'


=cut

=head2 getSenderID()

#    Returns: 'ns:UserIDType'


=cut

=head2 setStartCreationTime()

Used as beginning of date range filter. If specified,
filters the returned messages to only those with a
creation date greater than or equal to the specified
date and time.
<br><br>
For CEM messages, StartCreationTime and EndCreationTime
must be provided.
<br><br>
For ASQ messages, either the ItemID, or a date range
(specified with StartCreationTime and EndCreationTime),
or both must be included.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getStartCreationTime()

#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

