=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetSellerList::GetSellerListResponseType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Contains a list of the items listed by the seller specified as input. The list of
items is returned in an ItemArrayType object, in which are returned zero, one, or
multiple ItemType objects. Each ItemType object contains the detail data for one
item listing.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setHasMoreItems()

If true, there are more items yet to be retrieved. Additional
GetSellerList calls with higher page numbers or more items per page must
be made to retrieve these items. Not returned if no items match the
request.

#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isHasMoreItems()

  Returned: Conditionally
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ItemReturnDescription, ReturnAll
#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setItemArray()

Contains the list of the seller's items, one ItemType object per item.
Returns empty if no items are available that match the request.

#    Argument: 'ns:ItemArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getItemArray()

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ItemReturnDescription, ReturnAll
#    Returns: 'ns:ItemArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setItemsPerPage()

Indicates the number of items that are being returned per page of data
(i.e., per call). Will be the same as the value specified in the
Pagination.EntriesPerPage input. Only returned if items are returned.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getItemsPerPage()

  Returned: Conditionally
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ItemReturnDescription, ReturnAll
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPageNumber()

Indicates which page of data was just returned. Will be the same as the
value specified in the Pagination.PageNumber input. (If the input is
higher than the total number of pages, the call fails with an error.)
Only returned if items are returned.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getPageNumber()

  Returned: Conditionally
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ItemReturnDescription, ReturnAll
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPaginationResult()

Contains information regarding the pagination of data (if pagination is
used), including total number of pages and total number of entries.

#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 getPaginationResult()

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ItemReturnDescription, ReturnAll
#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 setReturnedItemCountActual()

Indicates the total number of items returned (i.e., the number of
ItemType objects in ItemArray).

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getReturnedItemCountActual()

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ItemReturnDescription, ReturnAll
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setSeller()

Indicates the seller whose items are returned. The seller is the eBay
member whose UserID was passed in the request. If UserID was not
specified, the seller is the user who made the request (identified by
eBayAuthToken).

#    Argument: 'ns:UserType'


=cut

=head2 getSeller()

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ItemReturnDescription, ReturnAll
           GranularityLevel: Fine

#    Returns: 'ns:UserType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

