=head1 eBay::API::XML::Call::GetNotificationPreferences::GetNotificationPreferencesResponseType

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetNotificationPreferences::GetNotificationPreferencesResponseType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Contains the requesting application's notification preferences.
GetNotificationPreferences retrieves preferences that you have
deliberately set. For example, if you enable the EndOfAuction event and
then later disable it, the response shows the EndOfAuction event
preference as Disabled. But if you have never set a preference for the
EndOfAuction event, no EndOfAuction preference is returned at all.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Subroutines:


=cut

=head2 setApplicationDeliveryPreferences()

Specifies application-based event preferences that have been enabled.

#    Argument: 'ns:ApplicationDeliveryPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 getApplicationDeliveryPreferences()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:ApplicationDeliveryPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setDeliveryURLName()

Specifies application delivery URL Name associated with this user.

#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getDeliveryURLName()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setEventProperty()

Characteristics or details of an event such as type, name and value.

#    Argument: reference to an array  
                      of 'ns:NotificationEventPropertyType'


=cut

=head2 getEventProperty()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: reference to an array  
                      of 'ns:NotificationEventPropertyType'


=cut

=head2 setUserData()

return user data for notification settings such as set mobile phone number etc.

#    Argument: 'ns:NotificationUserDataType'


=cut

=head2 getUserData()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:NotificationUserDataType'


=cut

=head2 setUserDeliveryPreferenceArray()

Specifies user-based event preferences that have been enabled or disabled.

#    Argument: 'ns:NotificationEnableArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getUserDeliveryPreferenceArray()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:NotificationEnableArrayType'


=cut

