=head1 eBay::API::XML::Call::GetSellerTransactions::GetSellerTransactionsResponseType

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetSellerTransactions::GetSellerTransactionsResponseType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Returns an array of transaction data for the seller specified in the request.
The results can be used to create a report of data that is commonly
necessary for end-of-auction processing.
Zero, one, or many Transaction objects can be returned in the array.
The set of transactions returned is limited to those that were modified between
the times specified in the request's ModTimeFrom and ModTimeTo filters.
The transactions returned are sorted by Transaction.Status.LastTimeModified,
ascending order (that is, transactions that more recently were modified are returned last).
Also returns information about the seller whose transactions were requested.
If pagination filters were specified in the request, returns meta-data describing
the effects of those filters on the current response and the estimated effects if
the same filters are used in subsequent calls.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Subroutines:


=cut

=head2 setHasMoreTransactions()

Indicates whether there are additional transactions to retrieve.
That is, indicates whether more pages of data are available to be
returned, given the filters that were specified in the request.
Returns false for the last page of data.

#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isHasMoreTransactions()

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ReturnAll, ItemReturnDescription
#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setPageNumber()

Page number for the page of transactions the response returned.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getPageNumber()

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ReturnAll, ItemReturnDescription
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPaginationResult()

Contains the total number of pages (TotalNumberOfPages) and the total number
of entries (TotalNumberOfEntries) that could be returned given repeated calls
that use the same selection criteria as the call that returned this response.

#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 getPaginationResult()

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ReturnAll, ItemReturnDescription
#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 setPayPalPreferred()

Indicates whether the seller has the preference enabled that shows that the seller
prefers PayPal as the method of payment for an item. This preference is indicated on
an item's View Item page and is intended to influence a buyer to use PayPal
to pay for the item.

#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isPayPalPreferred()

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ReturnAll, ItemReturnDescription
#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setReturnedTransactionCountActual()

Number of transactions retrieved in the current page of results just returned.
May be a lower value than TransactionsPerPage if the page returned is the last
page and more than one page of data exists.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getReturnedTransactionCountActual()

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ReturnAll, ItemReturnDescription
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setSeller()

Contains information about the seller whose transactions are being returned.
See the reference guide for information about the fields of the Seller object
that are returned.

#    Argument: 'ns:UserType'


=cut

=head2 getSeller()

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ReturnAll
#    Returns: 'ns:UserType'


=cut

=head2 setTransactionArray()

List of Transaction objects representing the seller's recent sales.
Each Transaction object contains the data for one purchase
(of one or more items in the same listing).
See the reference guide for more information about the fields that are returned
for each transaction.

#    Argument: 'ns:TransactionArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getTransactionArray()

  Returned: Conditionally
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ReturnAll
#    Returns: 'ns:TransactionArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setTransactionsPerPage()

Number of transactions returned per page (per call). May be a higher value
than ReturnedTransactionCountActual if the page returned is the last page
and more than one page of data exists.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getTransactionsPerPage()

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ReturnAll, ItemReturnDescription
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

