=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetLiveAuctionBidders::GetLiveAuctionBiddersResponseType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetLiveAuctionBidders::GetLiveAuctionBiddersResponseType inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Includes the list of bidders for the requested catalog.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setBidderDetails()

Contains the bidder details that match the bidder query
passed in the request.
Returned when bidder search results are found.

#    Argument: 'ns:BidderDetailArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getBidderDetails()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:BidderDetailArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setPageNumber()

The page number for the page of data returned.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getPageNumber()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPaginationResult()

Shows the pagination of data returned by requests. Only returned
if Pagination was specified in the request.

#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 getPaginationResult()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 setTotalApproved()

Total number of bidders in Approved state.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getTotalApproved()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setTotalDenied()

Total number of bidders in Denied state.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getTotalDenied()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setTotalPending()

Total number of bidders in Pending state.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getTotalPending()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

