=head1 eBay::API::XML::Call::GetCategoryListings::GetCategoryListingsResponseType

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetCategoryListings::GetCategoryListingsResponseType

=head1 DESCRIPTION



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Subroutines:


=cut

=head2 setBuyingGuideDetails()

Contains information about relevant buying guides (if any) and the
site's buying guide hub. Buying guides are useful to buyers who do not
have a specific product in mind. For example, a digital camera buying
guide could help a buyer determine what kind of digital camera is right
for them.

#    Argument: 'ns:BuyingGuideDetailsType'


=cut

=head2 getBuyingGuideDetails()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:BuyingGuideDetailsType'


=cut

=head2 setCategory()

Indicates the category from which the listings were drawn.

#    Argument: 'ns:CategoryType'


=cut

=head2 getCategory()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:CategoryType'


=cut

=head2 setHasMoreItems()

Indicates whether there are more item listings that can be returned
(items listed in the specified category and that meet any input filtering
criteria).

#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isHasMoreItems()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setItemArray()

Contains the item listings for the specified category and which meet the
input filtering criteria (if any is specified). Consists of one ItemType
object for each returned item listing.

#    Argument: 'ns:ItemArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getItemArray()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:ItemArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setItemsPerPage()

Indicates the maximum number of item listings that will be returned per
call.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getItemsPerPage()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPageNumber()

Indicates the page of data returned in the current call.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getPageNumber()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPaginationResult()

Indicates the results of the pagination, including the total number of
pages of data there are to be returned and the total number of items
there are to be returned.

#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 getPaginationResult()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 setRelatedSearchKeywordArray()

Container for keywords related to the category ID in the request.
Can be returned if the request specified more than zero in
the MaxRelatedSearchKeywords field.

#    Argument: 'ns:RelatedSearchKeywordArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getRelatedSearchKeywordArray()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:RelatedSearchKeywordArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setSubCategories()

Collection of the sub-categories that are child to the category indicated
in Category. Data for each sub-category is conveyed in a CategoryType
object.

#    Argument: 'ns:CategoryArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getSubCategories()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:CategoryArrayType'


=cut

