=head1 eBay::API::XML::Call::GetBestOffers::GetBestOffersRequestType

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetBestOffers::GetBestOffersRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Retrieves the best offers associated with an ItemID, according to the
BestOfferStatus filter, where Active is the default value. 
You can specify a best offer ID to retrieve the details for a specific best offer.
A buyer can use GetBestOffers to see the buyer's best offer (BestOfferID, etc.)
and the current state of the best offer (e.g., whether the seller has made a counter offer).



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Subroutines:


=cut

=head2 setBestOfferID()

Need not be specified by a buyer or a seller.
The BestOfferID is the specific Best Offer you want information about.
If you are the seller, you can get a list of all best offers
(according to BestOfferStatus) by omitting this field.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:BestOfferIDType'


=cut

=head2 getBestOfferID()

#    Returns: 'ns:BestOfferIDType'


=cut

=head2 setBestOfferStatus()

A filter determining which Best Offers to return for an item. Active is the default.

  RequiredInput: No
  OnlyTheseValues: All, Active
#    Argument: 'ns:BestOfferStatusCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getBestOfferStatus()

#    Returns: 'ns:BestOfferStatusCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

The item for which Best Offer information is to be returned.
If you are a buyer and you have a valid best offer, 
then your best-offer information will be returned for the item you specify.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

