=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::IssueRefund::IssueRefundRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Issues a refund for a single Half.com transaction. This can only be
called by a seller. A refund may only be issued for a specific
transaction. Sellers do not have the ability to issue a general
refund (a refund not tied to a transaction) to a buyer.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

ID of the Half.com item associated with the refund payment to the buyer.
To uniquely identify a transaction, you need to specify both ItemID
and TransactionID. Use GetSellerPayments to determine the item ID
and transaction ID associated with the original sale payment.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setRefundAmount()

The amount the seller wants to refund to the buyer, in US Dollars (USD).
Must be greater than 0.00. Half.com allows a maximum of the original item
sale price (transaction price plus original shipping reimbursement) plus
return shipping costs (the amount the buyer paid to return the item).
Typically, the return shipping cost is based on the current cost of
shipping the individual item (not the discounted cost calculated during
the original checkout for a multi-item order). You can also issue a
partial refund for the amount you want the buyer to receive. If
RefundType=Full or RefundType=FullPlusShipping and you do not pass
RefundAmount in the request, Half.com will calculate the refund amount for
you. If you pass RefundAmount in the request, the amount you specify will
override Half.com's calculated value. Required if RefundType=
CustomOrPartial.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'ns:AmountType'


=cut

=head2 getRefundAmount()

#    Returns: 'ns:AmountType'


=cut

=head2 setRefundMessage()

Note to the buyer. Cannot include HTML.

MaxLength: 400

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getRefundMessage()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setRefundReason()

Explanation of the reason that the refund is being issued.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:RefundReasonCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getRefundReason()

#    Returns: 'ns:RefundReasonCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setRefundType()

Explanation of the costs that the refund amount covers.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:RefundTypeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getRefundType()

#    Returns: 'ns:RefundTypeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setTransactionID()

ID of the Half.com transaction associated with the refund payment.
To uniquely identify a transaction, you need to specify both ItemID
and TransactionID. Use GetSellerPayments to determine the item ID
and transaction ID associated with the original sale payment.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, transaction IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits.)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getTransactionID()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

