=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::AddDisputeResponse

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::AddDisputeResponse inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setDisputeActivity()

The type of activity the seller is taking on the dispute.
The allowed value is determined by the current value of
DisputeState, returned by GetDispute or GetUserDisputes.
Some values are for Unpaid Item disputes and some are for Item
Not Received disputes.

SeeLink: URL: http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=UnpaidItemDisputes
Title: Unpaid Item Disputes
, URL: http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=ItemNotReceivedDisputes
Title: Item Not Received Disputes


  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'ns:DisputeActivityCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setDisputeID()

The unique identifier of the dispute,
returned when the dispute was created.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:DisputeIDType'


=cut

=head2 setMessageText()

The text of a comment or response being posted to the dispute. Required
when DisputeActivity is SellerAddInformation, SellerComment, or
SellerPaymentNotReceived; otherwise, optional.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setShipmentTrackNumber()

The shipper's tracking number for the item being shipped. Required
if DisputeActivity is SellerShippedItem; otherwise, optional.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setShippingCarrierUsed()

The shipping carrier used for the item in dispute. Required if DisputeActivity
is SellerShippedItem; otherwise, optional.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setShippingTime()

The date the item under dispute was shipped. Required if DisputeActivity
is SellerShippedItem; otherwise, optional.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

