=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::AddItem

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::AddItem inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setItem()

Child elements hold the values that define the new item. Item is a
required input.
Also applicable to Half.com.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemType'


=cut

=head2 getCategory2ID()

ID of the secondary category in which the item was listed.
Only returned if you set Item.CategoryMappingAllowed to true in the request
and the ID you passed in SecondaryCategory was mapped to a new ID by eBay.
If the secondary category has not changed or it has expired with no replacement,
Category2ID does not return a value.
Not applicable to Half.com.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getCategoryID()

ID of the primary category in which the item was listed.
Only returned if you set Item.CategoryMappingAllowed to true in the request
and the ID you passed in PrimaryCategory was mapped to a new ID by eBay.
If the primary category has not changed or it has expired with no replacement,
CategoryID does not return a value.
Not applicable to Half.com.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getEndTime()

Date and time when the new listing ends. This is the starting time
plus the listing duration.
Also returned for Half.com, but for Half.com the actual end time is GTC
(not the end time returned in the response).

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getFees()

Child elements contain the estimated listing fees for the new item listing.
The fees do not include the Final Value Fee (FVF), which cannot be determined
until an item is sold.
Also returned for Half.com, but the values are not applicable to Half.com listings.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:FeesType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

Unique item ID for the new listing.
Also applicable to Half.com.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getStartTime()

Starting date and time for the new listing.
Also returned for Half.com (for Half.com, the start time is always the time the item was listed).

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

