=head1 eBay::API::XML::Call::CompleteSale

eBay::API::XML::Call::CompleteSale

=head1 DESCRIPTION



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Subroutines:


=cut

=head2 setFeedbackInfo()

Specifies feedback the seller is leaving for the buyer.
For a given transaction, the seller can leave feedback once,
and no further modifications can be made to that feedback entry.
If feedback has already been left, FeedbackInfo is not allowed.
Call GetFeedback to determine whether feedback has already been left.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:FeedbackInfoType'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

ID of the listing associated with the transaction that the
seller is completing.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setListingType()

If included in the request, and with a value of
ListingType = Half, indicates that the given ItemID and
TransactionID values are for Half.com. ListingType is
required input for Half.com items.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
  OnlyTheseValues: Half
#    Argument: 'ns:ListingTypeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setPaid()

If true, the transaction is marked as paid in My eBay.
If false, the transaction is marked as not paid in My eBay.
If not specified, the paid status in My eBay is not modified.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setShipment()

Details about the shipment. Setting the tracking number and carrier
automatically marks the item as shipped (sets Shipped to true).

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ShipmentType'


=cut

=head2 setShipped()

If true, the transaction is marked as shipped in My eBay
(applicable for Selling Manager Pro users).
If false, the transaction is marked as not shipped in My eBay.
If not specified, the shipped status in My eBay is not modified.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setTransactionID()

Unique identifier for a transaction from the listing indicated by ItemID.
Call GetItemTransactions or GetSellerTransactions to determine
the appropriate transaction ID.
Required for all listing types (pass 0 for Chinese auctions).

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, transaction IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits.)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

