=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAttributesCS

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAttributesCS inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setAttributeSetID()

An array of characteristic setIDs (which always correspond to
attribute set IDs).
Each characteristic setcorresponds to a level in the eBay
category hierarchy at
which all items share common characteristics.
Multiple categories can be mapped to the same characteristic set.
AttributeSetIDs is an optional input. When IDs are specified,
the call only returns meta-data for the corresponding
characteristic sets.
When no IDs are specified, the call returns all the current
attribute meta-data in the system.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setAttributeSystemVersion()

A version of the Item Specifics definitions (attribute meta-data)
for the site.
Typically, an application passes the version value that was
returned the last time the application executed this call.
Filter that causes the call to return only the characteristic sets
for which the attribute meta-data has changed since the specified
version. If not specified, all characteristics sets are returned.
The latest version value is not necessarily greater than the
previous value that was returned. Therefore, when comparing
versions, only compare whether the value has changed.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setDigitalDelivery()

If true, the characteristic set data is customized for digitally delivered items.
In the digital delivery variation of the response, there are no changes to the attribute set IDs,
attribute IDs, or value IDs, but "return policy" text is replaced with "refund policy" text
and the Item Condition attribute is removed from all applicable characteristic sets.
If a seller specifies that they are listing a digital item,
you can render this variation of the applicable meta-data in your Item Specifics or Return Policy form.
(You can use the Item Specifics SYI XSL stylesheet to render the data as usual.)
Usage of this information is optional.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setIncludeCategoryMappingDetails()

If true, includes a list of CategoryMapping nodes in the response.
Each CategoryMapping node specifies category information as well as
attributes and values that your application can auto-fill for
items listed in that category. See the eBay Web Services Guide for more
information about options for maintaining category data and
auto-filling Item Specifics.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 getAttributeData()

A string containing a list of all the attributes that are
applicable to the site (or characteristic sets in the request),
along with related meta-data.
The meta-data specifies all the possible values of each attribute,
the logic for presenting attributes to a user, and rules for
validating the user's selections. Individual
elements are not described in the eBay schema format.
For information about each element in the AttributeData string,
see the attribute model documentation in the
eBay Web Services guide (see links below).<br>
<br>
Because this is returned as a string, the XML markup elements
are escaped with character entity references (e.g.,
&amp;lt;eBay&amp;gt;&amp;lt;Attributes&amp;gt;
...).
See the appendices in the eBay Web Services guide for general
information about string data types.

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ReturnAll
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getAttributeSystemVersion()

Current version of the Item Specifics meta-data system for
the site.
This value changes each time changes are made to the meta-data.
The current version value is not necessarily greater than
the previous value. Therefore, when comparing versions, only
compare whether the value has changed.

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

