=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAccount

=head1 DESCRIPTION



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setAccountEntrySortType()

Specifies how account entries should be sorted in
the response, by an element and then in ascending or
descending order.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:AccountEntrySortTypeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setAccountHistorySelection()

Specifies the report format in which to return account entries.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'ns:AccountHistorySelectionCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setBeginDate()

Specifies the beginning of a date range during which a credit or debit
occurred. Used when AccountHistorySelection is BetweenSpecifiedDates.
Value must be less than or equal to the value specified in EndDate. The allowed date
formats are YYYY-MM-DD and YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss.
You can retrieve information that is up to 4 months old.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setCurrency()

Specifies the currency used in the account report. Do not specify Currency in the request
unless the following conditions are met. First, the user has or had multiple accounts under
the same UserID. Second, the account identified in the request uses the currency you specify in the request. An error is returned if no account is found that uses the currency you specify in the request.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:CurrencyCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setEndDate()

Specifies the end of a date range during which a credit or debit
occurred. Used when AccountHistorySelection is BetweenSpecifiedDates.
Value must be greater than or equal to the value specified in BeginDate. The
allowed date formats are YYYY-MM-DD and YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setExcludeBalance()

Specifies whether to calculate balances. Default is
false, which calculates balances. The value true means
do not calculate balances. If true, AccountEntry.Balance and
AccountSummary.CurrentBalance are never returned in the response.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setExcludeSummary()

Specifies whether to return account summary information in an
AccountSummary node. Default is true, to return AccountSummary.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setInvoiceDate()

Specifies the month and year of the invoice requested. The report
includes only the entries that appear on the seller's invoice in the specified month
and year. An entry can occur in one month and appear on the next month's
invoice. Used with SpecifiedInvoice reports.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

Specifies the item ID for which to return account entries. If ItemID is used, all other filters in the request
are ignored. If the specified item does not exist or if the requesting user is not the seller of the item, an error is returned.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setPagination()

Controls pagination of the response. For this request, the valid values
of Pagination.EntriesPerPage are 0 to 2000, with a default of 500.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationType'


=cut

=head2 getAccountEntries()

Contains individual account entries, according to the report's scope and date range.
Each account entry represents one credit, debit, or administrative account action.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:AccountEntriesType'


=cut

=head2 getAccountID()

Specifies the seller's unique account number.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getAccountSummary()

Contains summary data for the seller's account, such as the overall
balance, bank account and credit card information, and amount and
date of any past due balances. Can also contain data for
one or more additional accounts, if the user has changed country
of residence.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:AccountSummaryType'


=cut

=head2 getCurrency()

Indicates the currency used for monetary amounts in the report.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:CurrencyCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getEntriesPerPage()

Specifies the number of items that are being returned per virtual page of date.
Value is the same as that specified in Pagination.EntriesPerPage.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 isHasMoreEntries()

Indicates whether there are more items yet to be retrieved. Additional calls
must be made to retrieve those items.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 getPageNumber()

Indicates which page of data was just returned. Value is the same as the value
specified in Pagination.PageNumber. If PageNumber in the request is higher than
the total number of pages, the call fails with an error.)

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getPaginationResult()

Contains the total number of pages (TotalNumberOfPages) and the total
number of account entries (TotalNumberOfEntries) that can be returned
on repeated calls with the same format and report criteria.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

