=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAdFormatLeads

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAdFormatLeads inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setEndCreationTime()

Used with StartCreationTime to limit the returned leads for a user to only
those with a creation date less than or equal to the specified date and
time.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setIncludeMemberMessages()

Boolean which indicates whether to return mail messages for this lead in a MemberMessage node.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

The unique identifier of an item listed on the eBay site.
Returned by eBay when the item is created. This ID must correspond
to an ad format item.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setStartCreationTime()

Used with EndCreationTime to limit the returned leads for a user to only
those with a creation date greater than or equal to the specified date and
time.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setStatus()

Filters the leads based on their status.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:MessageStatusTypeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getAdFormatLead()

Contains contact and other information for one lead. One node is
returned for each lead. Only returned at a detail level of ReturnAll. At
least one lead must be available for the specified item to return
AdFormatLead.

  Returned: Conditionally
  Details: DetailLevel: ReturnAll
#    Returns: reference to an array  
                      of 'ns:AdFormatLeadType'


=cut

=head2 getAdFormatLeadCount()

The total number of leads returned. Only returned if you do not
specify a detail level.

  Returned: Conditionally
  Details: DetailLevel: none
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

