=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAllBidders

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAllBidders inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setCallMode()

Specifies which bidder information to return.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:GetAllBiddersModeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setIncludeBiddingSummary()

Specifies whether return BiddingSummary container for each offer.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

The item ID for which to retrieve the list of bidders.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getBidArray()

Contains a list of OfferType objects. Each
OfferType object represents the data for one bidder and bid.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:OfferArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getHighBidder()

eBay user ID for the user with the highest bid (or the earliest timestamp, in the event of a tie); a second chance offer candidate.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:UserIDType'


=cut

=head2 getHighestBid()

Bid amount offered by the HighBidder.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:AmountType'


=cut

=head2 getListingStatus()

Specifies an active or ended listing's status in eBay's processing workflow.
If a listing ends with a sale (or sales), eBay needs to update the sale details (e.g., winning bidder) and other information. This processing
can take several minutes. If you retrieve a sold item, use this listing status information to determine whether eBay has finished processing the listing so that you can be sure the winning bidder and other details are correct and complete.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:ListingStatusCodeType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

