=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetDescriptionTemplates

=head1 DESCRIPTION



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setCategoryID()

The category for which to retrieve templates. Enter any
category ID, including Motors vehicle categories. This
is ignored if you also send MotorVehicles.

MaxLength: 10

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setLastModifiedTime()

If specified, only those templates modified on or after the
specified date are returned. If not specified, all templates are returned.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setMotorVehicles()

Indicates whether to retrieve templates for motor vehicle
categories for eBay Motors (site 100). If true, templates
are returned for motor vehicle categories. If false,
templates are returned for non-motor vehicle categories
such as Parts and Accessories. If included as an input field (whether true or false), this overrides any value provided for CategoryID.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 getDescriptionTemplate()

The information for one Theme or one Layout. There
can be multiple DescriptionTemplates.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: reference to an array  
                      of 'ns:DescriptionTemplateType'


=cut

=head2 getLayoutTotal()

The number of Layout templates returned (that is, the
number of DescriptionTemplates for which Type is "Layout").

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getObsoleteLayoutID()

The ID of a returned layout that is obsolete. There can be zero or more IDs.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getObsoleteThemeID()

The ID of a returned theme that is obsolete. There can be zero or more IDs.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getThemeGroup()

Data for one theme group. There can be multiple
ThemeGroups in the response.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: reference to an array  
                      of 'ns:ThemeGroupType'


=cut

=head2 getThemeTotal()

The number of Theme templates returned (that is, the number
of DescriptionTemplates for which Type is "Theme").

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

