=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetHighBidders

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetHighBidders inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

Unique item ID that identifies the Dutch auction listing for which to
retrieve a list of the high bidders.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getBidArray()

Contains a list of zero, one, or multiple OfferType objects. Each
OfferType object represents the data for one high bidder. See the schema
documentation for OfferType for details on its properties and their
meanings.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:OfferArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getListingStatus()

Specifies an active or ended listing's status in eBay's processing workflow.
If a listing ends with a sale (or sales), eBay needs to update the sale details
(e.g., winning bidder) and other information. This processing
can take several minutes. If you retrieve a sold item, use this listing status information
to determine whether eBay has finished processing the listing so that you can
be sure the winning bidder and other details are correct and complete.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:ListingStatusCodeType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

