=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetLiveAuctionBidders

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetLiveAuctionBidders inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setBidderStatus()

The seller can ask to retrieve a subset of users in the bidder approval list
who are either "approved","denied", or "pending" or a combination of these.
If this field is not specified in the request, all records are returned.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: reference to an array  
                      of 'ns:BidderStatusCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setPagination()

Child elements control pagination of the output.
Use its EntriesPerPage property to control the number of bidders to return per call
and its PageNumber property to specify the page of data to return.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationType'


=cut

=head2 setUserCatalogID()

Number that identifies the seller's eBay Live Auctions catalog for which they
want to retrieve bidder requests.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getBidderDetails()

Contains the bidder details that match the bidder query
passed in the request.
Returned when bidder search results are found.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:BidderDetailArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getPageNumber()

The page number for the page of data returned.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getPaginationResult()

Shows the pagination of data returned by requests. Only returned
if Pagination was specified in the request.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 getTotalApproved()

Total number of bidders in Approved state.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getTotalDenied()

Total number of bidders in Denied state.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getTotalPending()

Total number of bidders in Pending state.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

