=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetPopularKeywords

=head1 DESCRIPTION



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setCategoryID()

A category ID for which you want keywords returned.
When IncludeChildCategories is true, one and only one
CategoryID is allowed. Otherwise, up
to 100 CategoryIds are allowed.
To retrieve the keywords for root category, set one of
the CategoryIDs to -1 or submit no CategoryIDs at all.

MaxLength: 10

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setIncludeChildCategories()

If true, only one CategoryID can be specified, and keywords
are returned for that category and its subcategories.
If false, keywords are returned only for the categories
identified by CategoryID. Default is false.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setMaxKeywordsRetrieved()

The maximum number of keywords to be retrieved per category
for this call.

Max: 1000
Default: 20
Min: 1

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPagination()

Details about how many categories to return per
page and which page to view.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationType'


=cut

=head2 getCategoryArray()

Organization of keywords by category. For each
category, its ID and its parent's ID and keywords
are listed.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:CategoryArrayType'


=cut

=head2 isHasMore()

Indicates whether there are more categories beyond the
subset returned in the last
call to GetPopularKeywords. Returned only when
IncludeChildCategories is true.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 getPaginationResult()

Contains information regarding the pagination of data (if pagination is used),
including total number of pages and total number of entries.

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

