=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetPictureManagerDetails

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetPictureManagerDetails inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setFolderID()

The ID of a folder in the user's Picture Manager album for which you want information.
If you specify both FolderID and PictureURL, the picture must exist
in the folder.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPictureManagerDetailLevel()

The type of information you want returned, about pictures and folders,
the account subscription, or both. Use this element rather than the generic DetailLevel element defined in AbstractRequestType. You can use the following values: ReturnAll, ReturnSubscription, or ReturnPicture.

PresentDetails: Yes

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:PictureManagerDetailLevelCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setPictureURL()

The URL of a picture in the user's Picture Manager album.
If you specify both FolderID and PictureURL, the picture must
exist in the folder.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getPictureManagerDetails()

Contains details of the account settings, folders or
pictures in the user's album, or both.

  Returned: Always
  Details: PictureManagerDetailLevel: none, ReturnSubscription, ReturnPicture, ReturnAll
#    Returns: 'ns:PictureManagerDetailsType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

