=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetUser

=head1 DESCRIPTION



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setIncludeExpressRequirements()

Indicates if the response should include detailed information relating to
whether a user qualifies to list an item on Express. To list an item on Express, a user must qualify based on conditions described in the eBay Web Services Guide.

Default: false
SeeLink: URL: http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=ExpressSellerCriteria
Title: Seller Criteria for eBay Express

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

Specifies the item ID for a successfully concluded listing in which
the requestor and target user were participants (one as seller and
the other as buyer). Necessary to return certain data (like an email
address). Not necessary if the requestor is retrieving their own data.
ItemID is an optional input.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setUserID()

Specifies the user whose data will be returned by the call. UserID is
optional. If not specified, the user data returned is for
the requesting user (as specified with the eBayAuthToken).

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getUser()

Contains the returned user data for the specified eBay user.

  Returned: Always
  Details: DetailLevel: none, ReturnSummary, ReturnAll
#    Returns: 'ns:UserType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

