=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::RemoveFromWatchList

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::RemoveFromWatchList inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

The ID of the item to be removed from the
watch list. Either ItemID or RemoveAllItems must
be specified, but NOT both. One or more Item IDs
can be specified, each in it's own ItemID container.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: reference to an array  
                      of 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setRemoveAllItems()

If true, then all the items in the user's
watch list are removed. Either ItemID or
RemoveAllItems must be specified, but NOT both.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 getWatchListCount()

The current number of items in the user's watch list (after those
specified in the call request have been removed)

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getWatchListMaximum()

The maximum number of items allowed in watch lists. Currently this value
is 200, and is the same for all sites and all users.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

