=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::ReviseMyMessagesFolders

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::ReviseMyMessagesFolders inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setFolderID()

An ID that uniquely identifies the My Messages
folder to perform the operation on. This value is set by
eBay and cannot be changed. Retrieve FolderIDs
by calling GetMyMessages with a DetailLevel of
ReturnSummary. Inbox is FolderID = 0, and Sent is
FolderID = 1.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 setFolderName()

The name of a specified My Messages folder. Depending
on the specified Operation, the value is an existing
folder name or a new folder name. Retrieve existing
FolderNames by calling GetMyMessages with a DetailLevel
of ReturnSummary. Inbox is FolderID = 0, and Sent is
FolderID = 1.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setOperation()

Indicates the type of operation to perform on a
specified My Messages folder. Operations include
renaming, removing, and restoring folders. Operations
cannot be performed on the Inbox and Sent folders.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:MyMessagesFolderOperationCodeType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

