=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetCart

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetCart inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setAffiliateTrackingDetails()

Container for affiliate tags.
If you use affiliate tags, it is possible to get affiliate commissions
based on calls made by your application.
(See the <a href="https://www.ebaypartnernetwork.com/" target="_blank">eBay Partner Network</a>
for information about commissions.)
Affiliate tags enable the tracking of user activity.
You can use child tags of AffiliateTrackingDetails if you want
call output to include a string, in
Item.ListingDetails.ViewItemURL, that includes
affiliate tracking information.
Affiliate details that you provide appear in the CheckoutURL that is returned by SetCart.
Child elements of this element that are marked as conditionally required are required
only if this container is present.

SeeLink: URL: http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=AffiliateTrackingConcepts
Title: Affiliate Tracking Concepts

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:AffiliateTrackingDetailsType'


=cut

=head2 setCartID()

The ID of an existing cart whose contents you wish to modify.
To create a new cart, omit this tag altogether and preserve
the CartID that is returned for subsequent calls to SetCart for that cart.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 setCartItemArray()

Array of CartItem (details about items and what is to be done with each,
such as add, delete, update).

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:CartItemArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setCheckoutCompleteRedirect()

When the user has completed eBay Express checkout with the shopping cart, the
user is shown a link to your website. This element enables you to define the
properties of that link--its URL and its visible name.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:CheckoutCompleteRedirectType'


=cut

=head2 setShippingAddress()

The country and postal code to which the items in the cart are to be shipped. Required only
if you want shipping costs calculated for those items for which calculated
shipping applies. Of no value if there are no items in the cart with calculated shipping.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:AddressType'


=cut

=head2 getCart()

Details about the cart.

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:CartType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

