=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetNotificationPreferences

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetNotificationPreferences inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setApplicationDeliveryPreferences()

Specifies application-based event preferences that have been enabled,
including the URL to which notifications should be delivered and whether
notifications should be enabled or disabled (although the
UserDeliveryPreferenceArray input property specifies specific
notification subscriptions).

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ApplicationDeliveryPreferencesType'


=cut

=head2 setDeliveryURLName()

For Platform Notifications, specify the name of the delivery notification URL
that you want to associate with the user token specified for
the SetNotificationPreferences call.
If, with different SetNotificationPreferences calls, you
associate multiple URL names with a single user
token, each subsequent URL name overwrites
the previous name associated with the user token.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setEventProperty()

Characteristics or details of an event such as type, name and value.
Currently can only be set for wireless applications.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: reference to an array  
                      of 'ns:NotificationEventPropertyType'


=cut

=head2 setUserData()

Specifies user data for notification settings such as mobile phone number.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:NotificationUserDataType'


=cut

=head2 setUserDeliveryPreferenceArray()

Array of NotificationEventEnableTypes. Each NotificationEventEnableType
contains an EventSetting and an EventType.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:NotificationEnableArrayType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

