=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetUserNotes

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetUserNotes inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setAction()

Specifies whether to add/update the note or delete.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:SetUserNotesActionCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

ID of the item to which the My eBay note will be
attached. Notes can only be added to items that are
currently being tracked in My eBay.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setNoteText()

Text of the note. Maximum 250 characters. Required only
if the Action is AddOrUpdate. This note text will
completely replace any existing My eBay note for the
specified item.

MaxLength: 250

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setTransactionID()

ID of the transaction to which the My eBay note will be
attached. Notes can only be added to transactions that are
currently being tracked in My eBay.
You can see it in the Won list of GetMyeBayBuying if you are the buyer.
You can see it from Sold list of GetMyeBaySelling if you are the seller.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

