=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetCrossPromotions::GetCrossPromotionsRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetCrossPromotions::GetCrossPromotionsRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Retrieves a list of upsell or cross-sell items associated with the specifeid
item ID. The seller must be the owner of an eBay Stores storefront to
cross-promote items.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

The unique ID of the referring item. The cross-promoted
items will supplement this item.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setPromotionMethod()

The cross-promotion method you want to use for the
returned list, either UpSell or CrossSell.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:PromotionMethodCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getPromotionMethod()

#    Returns: 'ns:PromotionMethodCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setPromotionViewMode()

The role of the person requesting to view the cross-promoted
items, either seller or buyer. Default is buyer.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:TradingRoleCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getPromotionViewMode()

#    Returns: 'ns:TradingRoleCodeType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

