=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::ApproveLiveAuctionBidders::ApproveLiveAuctionBiddersRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Provides Live Auction sellers with the ability to approve, decline,
and set the bidding limit of the bidders that have signed up for a catalog.
Includes the list of bidders for the requested item as part of the
general item listing data.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setAllApprovedBiddingLimit()

This is the amount that bidders are beings approved for.
This is required if user has set ApproveAllPending to true.
It only applies to bidder requests that are in pending status.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'ns:AmountType'


=cut

=head2 getAllApprovedBiddingLimit()

#    Returns: 'ns:AmountType'


=cut

=head2 setApproveAllPending()

This will approve all bidders in the catalog in the pending status only.
This is an optional field. If provided and set to true, do not send BidApproval.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isApproveAllPending()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setBidApproval()

Approval details for a specific set of bidders.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:BidApprovalArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getBidApproval()

#    Returns: 'ns:BidApprovalArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setUserCatalogID()

Number that identifies the seller's eBay Live Auctions catalog for which
they want to set bidding limits and approve or decline bidders.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getUserCatalogID()

#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

