=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetBidderList::GetBidderListRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Retrieves all items the user is currently bidding on, or
has won or purchased. You can control the result set with elements 
such as ActiveItemsOnly, which limits the result set to active items. 
Note that since bidder information is anonymous to everyone except the
bidder and the seller (during an active auction), only sellers who know 
the user IDs of their bidders will be able to make this API call successfully.
See <a href="http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=AnonymousUserInfo">Working with Anonymous User Information</a> in the eBay Web Services Guide for more information.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setActiveItemsOnly()

Indicates whether to limit the result set to active items.
If true, only active items are returned and the EndTimeFrom
and EndTimeTo filters are ignored. If false (or not sent),
active and ended items are returned.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isActiveItemsOnly()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setEndTimeFrom()

Limits returned items to only those for which the item's
end date is on or after the date-time specified. Specify an
end date within 30 days prior to today. Items that ended
more than 30 days ago are omitted from the results. If
specified, EndTimeTo must also be specified. Express
date-time in the format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS, and in GMT.
(For information on how to convert between your local time zone
and GMT, see Time Values Note.) This field is ignored if ActiveItemsOnly is true.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getEndTimeFrom()

#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setEndTimeTo()

Limits returned items to only those for which the item's
end date is on or before the date-time specified. If
specified, EndTimeFrom must also be specified. Express
date-time in the format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS, and in GMT.
This field is ignored if ActiveItemsOnly is true.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getEndTimeTo()

#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setGranularityLevel()

For GetBidderList, you can reduce the ItemType fields and other fields returned
by specifying one of two values in the GranularityLevel field, Coarse or Medium.
If you specify Coarse, the primary fields returned are the following: Item.ItemID and Item.ListingDetails.EndTime. If you specify Medium, an abbreviated result set is returned
that includes many more fields than in the case of Coarse, including the following:
Item.BuyItNowPrice, Item.Currency, Item.Site, and Item.Title.

PresentDetails: Yes

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:GranularityLevelCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getGranularityLevel()

#    Returns: 'ns:GranularityLevelCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setUserID()

The user for whom information should be returned. If
provided, overrides user defined via RequesterCredentials
in header.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:UserIDType'


=cut

=head2 getUserID()

#    Returns: 'ns:UserIDType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

