=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetContextualKeywords::GetContextualKeywordsRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetContextualKeywords::GetContextualKeywordsRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

<b>The use of this call requires approval from the eBay Developers Program.
If you would like access,
please send an email to developer-relations@ebay.com detailing your typical usage,
with estimated usage numbers for this call.</b>
<br>
<br>
This call retrieves top-ranked contextual eBay keywords and categories for a specified web
page. Results are ranked according to score. This enables developers to create
applications that are different from traditional contextual ad serving. For
instance, instead of building a standard ad banner or skyscraper ad like those
from eBay AdContext, a developer could create an application that does inline
hyperlinking of keywords on any page or create widgets for blog platforms.
Not available for SG and HK sites.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setCategoryID()

The ID of the category to which keywords are to be limited.
Zero or more category IDs can be specified.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getCategoryID()

#    Returns: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setEncoding()

Web page encoding by which the URL is to be handled, such as ISO-8859-1.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getEncoding()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setURL()

The URL of the web page from which eBay is to extract keywords.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'xs:anyURI'


=cut

=head2 getURL()

#    Returns: 'xs:anyURI'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

