=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetItem::GetItemRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetItem::GetItemRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Requests data for a specific item identified by item ID. Use no
DetailLevel to return all item fields without Item.Description.
Use a DetailLevel of ReturnAll to return all item fields. See
GetItem in the eBay Web Services Guide for more information.
If a listing ended more than 90 days ago, its title,
price, and other item information are not returned.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setIncludeCrossPromotion()

Specifies whether or not to include cross-promotion information for
the item in the call response.
<br><br>
With a request version of 485 or higher, the default is false (do not
include cross-promotion details). Set to true to retrieve cross-promotion
information for the item. Cross-promotion information is returned in
Item.CrossPromotion.PromotedItem.PromotionDetails.
A promoted item will now contain multiple PromotionDetails containers.
<br><br>
With a request version lower than 485, the default is true (include
cross-promotions). Set the value to false if you do not want to retrieve
cross-promotion information. Cross-promotion information, PromotedPrice
and PromotedPriceType, are returned in Item.CrossPromotion.PromotedItem.
If a promoted item has multiple PromotedPriceType and PromotedPrice value
pairs, only the last pair is returned.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isIncludeCrossPromotion()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setIncludeExpressRequirements()

Indicates if the response should include detailed information relating to
whether an item qualifies as an Express listing. eBay includes listings on
eBay Express under conditions described in the
eBay Web Services Guide.

SeeLink: URL: http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=ExpressListingCriteria
Title: Listing Criteria for eBay Express

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isIncludeExpressRequirements()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setIncludeItemSpecifics()

If true, the response returns the ItemSpecifics node
(if the listing has custom Item Specifics).<br>
<br>
Item Specifics are well-known aspects of items in a given
category. For example, items in a washer and dryer category
might have an aspect like Type=Top-Loading; whereas
items in a jewelry category might have an aspect like
Gemstone=Amber.<br>
<br>
(This does not cause the response to include ID-based
attributes. To also retrieve ID-based attributes,
pass DetailLevel in the request with the value
ItemReturnAttributes or ReturnAll.)

  RequiredInput: No
  SeeLink: URL: http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=ItemSpecifics, Title: Working with Custom Item Specifics
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isIncludeItemSpecifics()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setIncludeTaxTable()

If true, an associated tax table is returned in the response.
If no tax table is associated with the item, then no
tax table is returned, even if IncludeTaxTable is set to true.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isIncludeTaxTable()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setIncludeWatchCount()

Indicates if the caller wants to include watch count for that item in the
response. You must be the seller of the item to retrieve the watch count.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isIncludeWatchCount()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

Specifies the item ID that uniquely identifies the item listing for which
to retrieve the data. ItemID is a required input.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

