=head1 eBay::API::XML::Call::AddLiveAuctionItem::AddLiveAuctionItemResponseType

eBay::API::XML::Call::AddLiveAuctionItem::AddLiveAuctionItemResponseType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Returns the item ID and the estimated fees for the new lot item listing,
as well as the state of the lot item (e.g., categories that changed).



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Subroutines:


=cut

=head2 setCategory2ID()

ID of the secondary category in which the item was listed.
Only returned if you set Item.CategoryMappingAllowed to true in the request
and the ID you passed in SecondaryCategory was mapped to a new ID by eBay.
If the secondary category has not changed or it has expired with no replacement,
Category2ID does not return a value.

MaxLength: 10

#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getCategory2ID()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setCategoryID()

ID of the primary category in which the item was listed.
Only returned if you set Item.CategoryMappingAllowed to true in the request
and the ID you passed in PrimaryCategory was mapped to a new ID by eBay.
If the primary category has not changed or it has expired with no replacement,
CategoryID does not return a value.

MaxLength: 10

#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getCategoryID()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setFees()

Child elements contain the estimated listing fees for the new item listing.
The fees do not include the Final Value Fee (FVF), which cannot be determined
until an item is sold.
For consistency in the response, the call returns the same kinds of fees
as other listing calls, but some fees are not applicable to eBay Live Auctions listings.
See "Fees Resulting from Listing an Item" in the eBay Web Services guide
for information about fees.

#    Argument: 'ns:FeesType'


=cut

=head2 getFees()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:FeesType'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

The item ID of the lot.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

