=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::AddDispute::AddDisputeRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Enables a seller to create a new Unpaid Item dispute. (Item Not Received
disputes can only be created via the eBay web site.)



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setDisputeExplanation()

An explanation of the dispute that supplements the
DisputeReason. The allowed value depends on the value of
DisputeReason.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:DisputeExplanationCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getDisputeExplanation()

#    Returns: 'ns:DisputeExplanationCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setDisputeReason()

The top-level reason for the Unpaid Item Dispute.
DisputeReasonCodeType has several possible values. However, only
BuyerHasNotPaid and TransactionMutuallyCanceled apply to
AddDispute--you can only use AddDisputeCall to create Unpaid
Item disputes.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:DisputeReasonCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getDisputeReason()

#    Returns: 'ns:DisputeReasonCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

The eBay ID of the item in dispute, an item which has been
sold but not yet paid for.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setTransactionID()

The eBay ID of a transaction, created when the buyer committed
to purchasing the item. A transaction ID is unique to the item
but not across the entire eBay site. The transaction ID must be
combined with an item ID to uniquely identify an item.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, transaction IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits.)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getTransactionID()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

