=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetStoreCategories::SetStoreCategoriesRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetStoreCategories::SetStoreCategoriesRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Requests changes to the category structure for a store. Use this
call to add, delete, move, or rename a list of categories.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setAction()

Specifies the type of action (Add, Move, Delete, or Rename) to carry out
for the specified categories.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:StoreCategoryUpdateActionCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getAction()

#    Returns: 'ns:StoreCategoryUpdateActionCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setDestinationParentCategoryID()

When adding or moving store categories, specifies the category under
which the listed categories will be located. To add or move categories to
the top level, set the value to -999.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 getDestinationParentCategoryID()

#    Returns: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 setItemDestinationCategoryID()

Items can only be contained within child categories. A parent category
cannot contain items. If adding, moving, or deleting categories displaces
items, you must specify a destination child category under which the
displaced items will be moved. The destination category must have no
child categories.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 getItemDestinationCategoryID()

#    Returns: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 setStoreCategories()

Contains information for specifying the store categories being acted on.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:StoreCustomCategoryArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getStoreCategories()

#    Returns: 'ns:StoreCustomCategoryArrayType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

