=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetStoreCategories::SetStoreCategoriesResponseType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetStoreCategories::SetStoreCategoriesResponseType inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Returns the status of the processing progress for changes to the category 
structure for a store.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setStatus()

When a category structure change is processed synchronously, the status 
is returned as Complete or Failed. For asynchronously processed changes, 
the status is reported as Pending. Use GetStoreCategoryUpdateStatus to 
monitor the status of asynchronously processed changes.

#    Argument: 'ns:TaskStatusCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getStatus()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:TaskStatusCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setTaskID()

The task ID associated with the category structure change request. If the 
SetStoreCategories call is process synchronously, the task ID is 0. If the 
category structure changes affect many listings, the changes will be 
processed asynchronously and the task ID will be a positive number. Use 
the task ID with GetStoreCategoryUpdateStatus to monitor the status of 
asynchronously processed changes.

#    Argument: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 getTaskID()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

