=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetVeROReasonCodeDetails::GetVeROReasonCodeDetailsRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetVeROReasonCodeDetails::GetVeROReasonCodeDetailsRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Retrieves details for VeRO reason codes and their descriptions. You can specify a 
reason code ID to get details for a specific reason on the site specified in the 
request header. If ReasonCodeID is not passed in the request, all reason codes are 
returned. Set ReturnAllSites to true to retrieve reason codes for all sites.
You must be a member of the Verified Rights Owner (VeRO) Program to use this call.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setReasonCodeID()

Unique identifier for a reason code. If this ReasonCodeID is passed then 
only details of this ReasonCodeID will be returned. If no reason code is 
specified, all reason codes are returned.

Max: Default: Min: 
  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 getReasonCodeID()

#    Returns: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 setReturnAllSites()

Set to true to retrieve reason codes for all sites. If not specified, 
reason codes are returned for the site specified in the request header 
only. 
If ReasonCodeID is specified, this parameter is ignored.

Default: false

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isReturnAllSites()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

