=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAdFormatLeads::GetAdFormatLeadsRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAdFormatLeads::GetAdFormatLeadsRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Retrieves sales lead information for a lead generation listing.
GetAdFormatLeadsRequest returns the number of leads for an ad and any contact
information that the prospective buyer submitted.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setEndCreationTime()

Used with StartCreationTime to limit the returned leads for a user to only
those with a creation date less than or equal to the specified date and
time.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getEndCreationTime()

#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setIncludeMemberMessages()

Boolean which indicates whether to return mail messages for this lead in a MemberMessage node.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isIncludeMemberMessages()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

The unique identifier of an item listed on the eBay site.
Returned by eBay when the item is created. This ID must correspond
to an ad format item.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setStartCreationTime()

Used with EndCreationTime to limit the returned leads for a user to only
those with a creation date greater than or equal to the specified date and
time.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getStartCreationTime()

#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setStatus()

Filters the leads based on their status.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:MessageStatusTypeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getStatus()

#    Returns: 'ns:MessageStatusTypeCodeType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

