=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetItemShipping::GetItemShippingResponseType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetItemShipping::GetItemShippingResponseType inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Contains the data returned by the call. The shipping details for the specified
item are returned in a ShippingDetails object.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setShippingDetails()

Shipping-related details for the specified item. Any error about shipping services
(returned by a vendor of eBay's who calculates shipping costs) is returned in
ShippingRateErrorMessage. Errors from a shipping service are likely to be related to
issues with shipping specifications, such as package size and the selected shipping
method not supported by a particular shipping service.<br>
<br>It is possible for a seller to offer a shipping service which turns out
to be a mismatch in some way with the item(s) being shipped. For example, if a
buyer purchases more than one of an item, the weight might be too great for First
Class mail. In such a case, GetItemShipping will omit that shipping service from
the response.

#    Argument: 'ns:ShippingDetailsType'


=cut

=head2 getShippingDetails()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:ShippingDetailsType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

