=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetWantItNowSearchResults::GetWantItNowSearchResultsResponseType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetWantItNowSearchResults::GetWantItNowSearchResultsResponseType inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Response contains the Want It Now posts that have the specified keyword(s) in the
title and (optionally) the description.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setHasMoreItems()

Indicates whether there are additional Want It Now posts that meet the
search criteria.

#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isHasMoreItems()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setItemsPerPage()

Indicates the maximum number of Want It Now posts that can be returned in
a WantItNowPostArray for a request. This value can be specified in the
request by  EntriesPerPage in Pagination in the request.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getItemsPerPage()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPageNumber()

Indicates the page of data returned by the current call.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getPageNumber()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPaginationResult()

Indicates the results of the pagination, including the total number of
pages of data there are to be returned and the total number of posts there
are to be returned.

#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 getPaginationResult()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 setWantItNowPostArray()

Contains the returned Want It Now posts, if any. The data for each post is
returned in a WantItNowPostType object.

#    Argument: 'ns:WantItNowPostArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getWantItNowPostArray()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:WantItNowPostArrayType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

