=head1 eBay::API::XML::Call::GetMyMessages::GetMyMessagesResponseType

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetMyMessages::GetMyMessagesResponseType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Conains information about the messages and alerts sent to
a given user. Depending on the detail level, this
information can include message and alert counts,
resolution and flagged status, message and/or alert
headers, and message and/or alert body text.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Subroutines:


=cut

=head2 setAlerts()

Contains the alert information for each alert
specified in AlertIDs. The amount and type of
information returned varies based on the
requested detail level. Contains one
MyMessagesAlertType object per alert. Returned
as an empty node if user has no alerts.

#    Argument: 'ns:MyMessagesAlertArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getAlerts()

  Returned: Conditionally
  Details: DetailLevel: ReturnHeaders, ReturnMessages
#    Returns: 'ns:MyMessagesAlertArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setMessages()

Contains the message information for each
message specified in MessageIDs. The amount and
type of information returned varies based on the
requested detail level. Contains one
MyMessagesMessageType object per message.
Returned as an empty node if user has no
messages.

#    Argument: 'ns:MyMessagesMessageArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getMessages()

  Returned: Conditionally
  Details: DetailLevel: ReturnHeaders, ReturnMessages
#    Returns: 'ns:MyMessagesMessageArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setSummary()

Summary data for a given user's alerts and
messages. This includes the numbers of
new alerts and messages, unresolved alerts,
flagged messages, and total alerts and messages.
The amount and type of data returned is the same
whether or not the request included specific
AlertID or MessageID values.
Always/Conditionally returned logic assumes a
detail level of ReturnMessages.

#    Argument: 'ns:MyMessagesSummaryType'


=cut

=head2 getSummary()

  Returned: Conditionally
  Details: DetailLevel: ReturnSummary
#    Returns: 'ns:MyMessagesSummaryType'


=cut

