=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetMyMessages::GetMyMessagesRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Used to retrieve information about the messages and alerts sent
to a given user. Depending on the detail level, this information
can include message and alert counts, resolution and flagged
status, message and/or alert headers, and message and/or alert
body text.
<br /><br />
Note that this call requires a DetailLevel in the
request. Omitting the Detail Level returns an error.
<br /><br />
ItemID is not returned with this call. Use GetMemberMessages instead.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setAlertIDs()

Contains a list of up to 10 AlertID values.
When AlertID values are used as input, you must
generally specify either AlertID values, or
MessageID values, or both.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'ns:MyMessagesAlertIDArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getAlertIDs()

#    Returns: 'ns:MyMessagesAlertIDArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setEndTime()

Used as end of date range filter.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getEndTime()

#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 setFolderID()

An ID that uniquely identifies the My Messages folder from which to retrieve alerts or messages.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 getFolderID()

#    Returns: 'xs:long'


=cut

=head2 setMessageIDs()

Contains a list of up to 10 MessageID values.
When MessageID values are used as input, you must
generally specify either AlertID values, or
MessageID values, or both.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'ns:MyMessagesMessageIDArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getMessageIDs()

#    Returns: 'ns:MyMessagesMessageIDArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setStartTime()

Used as beginning of date range filter.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head2 getStartTime()

#    Returns: 'xs:dateTime'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

