=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetPopularKeywords::GetPopularKeywordsRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Retrieves the words more frequently used by eBay users when
searching for listings. These keywords are generated weekly by
eBay. Thus, calls retrieve static data. GetPopularKeywords is not
available for the following sites:  FR, HK, MY, PH, PL, SG, SE.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setCategoryID()

A category ID for which you want keywords returned.
When IncludeChildCategories is true, one and only one
CategoryID is allowed. Otherwise, up
to 100 CategoryIds are allowed.
To retrieve the keywords for root category, set one of
the CategoryIDs to -1 or submit no CategoryIDs at all.

MaxLength: 10

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getCategoryID()

#    Returns: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setIncludeChildCategories()

If true, only one CategoryID can be specified, and keywords
are returned for that category and its subcategories.
If false, keywords are returned only for the categories
identified by CategoryID. Default is false.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isIncludeChildCategories()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setMaxKeywordsRetrieved()

The maximum number of keywords to be retrieved per category
for this call.

Max: 1000
Default: 20
Min: 1

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getMaxKeywordsRetrieved()

#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPagination()

Details about how many categories to return per
page and which page to view.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationType'


=cut

=head2 getPagination()

#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

