=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetPopularKeywords::GetPopularKeywordsResponseType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetPopularKeywords::GetPopularKeywordsResponseType inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Contains the keyword data for the requested categories. A category's data are contained in a CategoryArrayType object if there is no error (one or more CategoryType objects). Each CategoryType contains its ID, parent ID and keyword list.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setCategoryArray()

Organization of keywords by category. For each
category, its ID and its parent's ID and keywords
are listed.

#    Argument: 'ns:CategoryArrayType'


=cut

=head2 getCategoryArray()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:CategoryArrayType'


=cut

=head2 setHasMore()

Indicates whether there are more categories beyond the
subset returned in the last
call to GetPopularKeywords. Returned only when
IncludeChildCategories is true.

#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isHasMore()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setPaginationResult()

Contains information regarding the pagination of data (if pagination is used),
including total number of pages and total number of entries.

#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 getPaginationResult()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

