=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetReturnURL::SetReturnURLRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::SetReturnURL::SetReturnURLRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Configures your application's authentication and authorization preferences and
other data, such as the URLs that eBay should redirect users to after they
complete the authentication and authorization process.
<br>
<br>
Unlike most other Trading API calls, this call requires the eBay
Username and Password values that you created for use by your applications.
(Most Trading API calls, in contrast, require an authentication token.)
These values are not described in the
current documentation topic. For more information about these values,
please use the Setup for Authentication link below.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setAction()

Specifies whether the authentication entry is being added, deleted, or
modified.

SeeLink: URL: http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=AuthNAuth
Title: Authentication & Authorization

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ModifyActionCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getAction()

#    Returns: 'ns:ModifyActionCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setApplicationDisplayName()

Sets an application display name for the eBay sign-in page.
Need not be set with every call. Optional.

SeeLink: URL: http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=AuthNAuth
Title: Authentication & Authorization

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getApplicationDisplayName()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setAuthenticationEntry()

The authentication preferences and other data that you are
adding, deleting, or modifying.

SeeLink: URL: http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=AuthNAuth
Title: Authentication & Authorization

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:AuthenticationEntryType'


=cut

=head2 getAuthenticationEntry()

#    Returns: 'ns:AuthenticationEntryType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

