=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAccount::GetAccountResponseType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAccount::GetAccountResponseType inherits from the L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Returns information about an eBay seller's own account.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setAccountEntries()

Contains individual account entries, according to the report's scope and date range.
Each account entry represents one credit, debit, or administrative account action.

#    Argument: 'ns:AccountEntriesType'


=cut

=head2 getAccountEntries()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:AccountEntriesType'


=cut

=head2 setAccountID()

Specifies the seller's unique account number.

#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getAccountID()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setAccountSummary()

Contains summary data for the seller's account, such as the overall
balance, bank account and credit card information, and amount and
date of any past due balances. Can also contain data for
one or more additional accounts, if the user has changed country
of residence.

#    Argument: 'ns:AccountSummaryType'


=cut

=head2 getAccountSummary()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'ns:AccountSummaryType'


=cut

=head2 setCurrency()

Indicates the currency used for monetary amounts in the report.

#    Argument: 'ns:CurrencyCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getCurrency()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:CurrencyCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setEntriesPerPage()

Specifies the number of items that are being returned per virtual page of date.
Value is the same as that specified in Pagination.EntriesPerPage.

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getEntriesPerPage()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setHasMoreEntries()

Indicates whether there are more items yet to be retrieved. Additional calls
must be made to retrieve those items.

#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isHasMoreEntries()

  Returned: Conditionally
#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setPageNumber()

Indicates which page of data was just returned. Value is the same as the value
specified in Pagination.PageNumber. If PageNumber in the request is higher than
the total number of pages, the call fails with an error.)

#    Argument: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getPageNumber()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 setPaginationResult()

Contains the total number of pages (TotalNumberOfPages) and the total
number of account entries (TotalNumberOfEntries) that can be returned
on repeated calls with the same format and report criteria.

#    Argument: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head2 getPaginationResult()

  Returned: Always
#    Returns: 'ns:PaginationResultType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::XML::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

