=head1 eBay::API::XML::Call::AddTransactionConfirmationItem::AddTransactionConfirmationItemRequestType

eBay::API::XML::Call::AddTransactionConfirmationItem::AddTransactionConfirmationItemRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Ends the listing specified by ItemID (if listed for at least 24 hours) and creates
a new Transaction Confirmation Request (TCR) for an item, enabling the TCR
recipient to purchase the item. A TCR can be sent by a seller to any one of the
following: a bidder, a best offer buyer, a member who has asked the seller a
question, or any member with a postal code. This call can also be used to verify
whether a new TCR can be created. Applies to the US eBay Motors site (except Parts
and Accessories category).



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Subroutines:


=cut

=head2 setComments()

Comments the seller wants to send to the recipient (bidder, best offer
buyer, member with an ASQ question, or member with a postal code).

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getComments()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

The ItemID of the item that the seller wants to end in order to create a
Transaction Confirmation Request (TCR).

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 setListingDuration()

Specifies the length of time the item in the Transaction Confirmation
Request (TCR) will be available for purchase.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:SecondChanceOfferDurationCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getListingDuration()

#    Returns: 'ns:SecondChanceOfferDurationCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setNegotiatedPrice()

The amount the offer recipient must pay to buy the item
specified in the Transaction Confirmation Request (TCR).
A negotiated amount between the buyer and the seller.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:AmountType'


=cut

=head2 getNegotiatedPrice()

#    Returns: 'ns:AmountType'


=cut

=head2 setRecipientPostalCode()

Specifies the postal code of the user to whom the seller is offering the
Transaction Confirmation Request. Required only if the user does not meet
the other options listed in RecipientRelationCodeType. An error is
returned if RecipientUserID and RecipientPostalCode do not match for more
than 3 times for a seller per day.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getRecipientPostalCode()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setRecipientRelationType()

Specifies the current relationship between the seller and the potential
buyer. A seller can make a Transaction Confirmation Request (TCR) for an
item to a potential buyer if the buyer meets one of several criteria. A
TCR is sent by a seller to one of the following: a bidder, a best offer
buyer, a member with an ASQ question, or any member with a postal code.
See the values and annotations in RecipientRelationCodeType.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:RecipientRelationCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getRecipientRelationType()

#    Returns: 'ns:RecipientRelationCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setRecipientUserID()

Specifies the user to whom the seller is offering the Transaction
Confirmation Request.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:UserIDType'


=cut

=head2 getRecipientUserID()

#    Returns: 'ns:UserIDType'


=cut

=head2 setVerifyEligibilityOnly()

If true, specifies that the seller is verifying whether a new Transaction
Confirmation Request (TCR) can be created. Thus, if this value is passed
as true, then no Transaction Confirmation Request is actually made. If
VerifyEligibilityOnly is not passed, or is false, a Transaction
Confirmation Request is actually made.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getVerifyEligibilityOnly()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

