=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetProductFinder::GetProductFinderRequestType

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Retrieves data that you use to construct valid "product finder" queries
(queries against multiple attributes) against catalog products or listed items.
The attributes describe search criteria (e.g., Manufacturer), as appropriate for the category.
Use the results in combination with GetProductFinderXSL to render the Product Finder
in a graphical user interface.
GetProductFinder does not conduct the actual product or listing search.
It only returns data about what you can search on. Use the data as input to
GetProductSearchResults to conduct the actual search for product information
or as input to GetSearchResults to conduct the search for listed items.
To retrieve single-attribute search criteria (querying against a single attribute, like UPC),
use GetProductSearchPage instead (only applicable for catalog searches).
See the eBay Web Services Guide for an overview of Pre-filled Item Information and details about
searching for catalog products and for information about searching for listed items.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setAttributeSystemVersion()

A version of the product finder attribute definitions for the site.
Typically, an application passes the version value that was returned the last
time the application executed this call.
Filter that causes the call to return only the Product Finders
for which the attribute meta-data has changed since the specified version.
The latest version value is not necessarily greater than the previous
value that was returned. Therefore, when comparing versions, only
compare whether the value has changed.

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 getAttributeSystemVersion()

#    Returns: 'xs:string'


=cut

=head2 setProductFinderID()

A number that uniequely identifies a product finder. To determine the
product finder IDs for a category, call GetCategory2CS.
Multiple categories can be mapped to the same product finder ID.
You can pass zero or multiple IDs in the request. When IDs are specified, the call
only returns product finder meta-data for the specified product finders.
When no IDs are specified, the call returns all the current product finder
meta-data available on the site.

SeeLink: URL: http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/WebHelp/index.htm?context=eBay_XML_API&topic=AttrGPF
Title: Retrieving Product Finder Meta-Data

  RequiredInput: No
#    Argument: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:int'


=cut

=head2 getProductFinderID()

#    Returns: reference to an array  
                      of 'xs:int'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

