=head1 NAME

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAllBidders::GetAllBiddersRequestType

=head1 INTERITANCE

eBay::API::XML::Call::GetAllBidders::GetAllBiddersRequestType inherits from the L<eBay::API::BaseCall> class

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Provides three modes for retrieving a list of the users that bid
on a listing. One of the modes is of particular value in support of
the Second Chance Offer feature. Includes the list of bidders for the
requested item as part of the general item listing data.



=head1 SYNOPSIS


=cut

=head1 Methods


=cut

=head2 setCallMode()

Specifies which bidder information to return.

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:GetAllBiddersModeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 getCallMode()

#    Returns: 'ns:GetAllBiddersModeCodeType'


=cut

=head2 setIncludeBiddingSummary()

Specifies whether return BiddingSummary container for each offer.

  RequiredInput: Conditionally
#    Argument: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 isIncludeBiddingSummary()

#    Returns: 'xs:boolean'


=cut

=head2 setItemID()

The item ID for which to retrieve the list of bidders.

MaxLength: 19 (Note: The eBay database specifies 38. Currently, Item IDs are usually 9 to 12 digits)

  RequiredInput: Yes
#    Argument: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head2 getItemID()

#    Returns: 'ns:ItemIDType'


=cut

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<eBay::API>, L<eBay::API::BaseCall>

=head1 JOIN US

Please visit http://developer.ebay.com for more eBay API information. 

Web:
L<http://developer.ebay.com>

Community Forums:
L<http://developer.ebay.com/community/forums/>

=cut

